Hey guys, welcome to Day 1 of your 100-Day journey.
And today we're going to learn about Printing, Commenting, Debugging, String manipulation and Variables.
So it's chock-a-block full of really fun stuff.
And by the end of today, you will have created a Band Name Generator program.
So this is the final project of today.
And the idea is that let's say that your friend was starting a new band, a rock band or a classical
band, and they're struggling to come up with a good name.
So you come into the rescue and send them your Band Name Generator program.
So it asks you for the name of the city that you grew up in,
so mine was Bristol in the southwest of the UK.
And then it'll ask you, what's the name of your pet?
I had a pet rabbit when I was younger, and I am probably, the least imaginative person,
classic programmer personality,
so I called my rabbit, "Rabbit".
So now when I hit Enter, it's going to give me my band name, and it could be, Bristol Rabbit.
So that sounds pretty cool.
It could be like a rock band.
So this is what you're going to make,
and in the process, in order to create this, you're going to learn about Printing, Inputting, Commenting,
Debugging, Name Errors, Syntax Errors, String Manipulation Variables, and a whole lot more.
So if you feel like you can already achieve this, and you can prove it by making this program yourself,
then feel free to skip to the next day's lessons.
But for most of you, even if you've started learning Python programming, there's probably still a
lot of new things that you'll find in today's lessons.
Now, as with all the projects that we're making in this course, you get to try it out before you make
it.
So you can either go to the URL,
alternatively, if you don't want to type out the full URL, you can head over to the Course content
here, and then click on the Resources and click this link to head straight over there.
And then once you're there, all you have to do is to click Run and you'll be able to preview how the
final product is going to work.
So you can type in your own city and follow the instructions until you get to the end result.
So once you're ready, head over to the next lesson and let's get started and get coding straight away.